A1_data/5c1548a31e67d78e2771624f.txt
Some of those ‘soft’ skills are in short supply, but they’re what employers are looking for,
There’s a societal cost to having someone remain unemployed,
There are health-care costs. There are welfare costs. There can be criminal justice costs,
road map
should move to skills-based hiring,
practices that prioritize … credentials and experience.
These are things that are the least susceptible to technological disruption,
A1_data/5c489df91e67d78e271d66c5.txt
It's good that we take the time early on to completely shut hockey off and just relax and then the closer we get to coming back, we've got to get the minds ready,
Most guys were here last year and we learned a lesson from last year when we weren't as good after the break. We know what to do this time and what not to.
He enabled us to at least hang in there and get a point out of this game,
The positive is you came in here against one of the best teams and in my opinion, we could have had that game.
I don't think we played our best game, but again, we found a way to win and I think that's a big key,
That was one of our weaknesses last year. We couldn't find ways to win and this year, it's the opposite. Good teams, they find ways to win.
Going into the break it's important to go in with a good taste in your mouth,
We played the best when the game was on the line in the third and I thought we had some great looks that made Mrazek make some big saves for them. ... We'll take the two points heading into the break and we'll come back refreshed and ready to go.
A1_data/5c182ac21e67d78e277944ad.txt
As a young person, I've experienced that fear and distrust. Just seeing police officers, I feel like I can be also racially targeted,
To avoid any cases like that in the future, it's important to come together and to strategize and to be honest,
What gives me hope is the level of commitment that our police chief has to working alongside FSIN youth because there hasn't been a relationship historically between the FSIN youth representatives and Saskatoon city police,
I thought this was a good time to write a letter to the Saskatoon city police on questioning [if they are] going to be taking body cameras on,
And if so, could they kind of explain to FSIN youth what it's gonna look like and what the timeline is.
very committed
life-changing and heartbreaking,
I can honestly say that it's very emotional to listen to stories of the kind of suffering that goes on in the Indigenous community due to being impoverished, due to violence and due to racism,
The treatment of Indigenous peoples in this country, it's heartbreaking but I can also say that it provides me hope as well when I talk to young people and I see that they persevere.
It may not look perfect to other people, but I can say that I've always been authentically myself I would want all young people to do the same,
I would say there definitely is pressure, but I try to be as gentle and understanding with myself as I would expect to how I should treat another young person.
As young people we understand that this land is foundational to who we are,
A1_data/5c28972a795bd2fac69fa974.txt
I’m so excited and I am so honoured to be selected by you here,
My eyes are full of tears because I love this land so deeply,
He’s not from our local community. He cannot represent you, represent us,
I believe we will have a good chance to win in Burnaby South as I believe right now I’m very familiar with our community. I’m one of the people here.
elected
Essentially, the leader will choose the candidate in each byelection,
whole country
A1_data/5c29beda1e67d78e27b74939.txt
The Australian Government is concerned about the recent detention of two Canadian citizens in China,
We would be very concerned if these cases were related to legal proceedings currently underway in Canada involving a Chinese citizen, Ms. Meng Wanzhou.
basically kidnapping
every confidence in the fairness and independence of Canada’s administration of justice.
We are deeply concerned about the recent detentions of Canadian citizens Michael Kovrig and Michael Spavor in the People’s Republic of China. We ask the Australian Government without further delay to support Canada’s call for the immediate release of these two detainees,
deep concern
We share Canada’s commitment to the rule of law as fundamental to all free societies, and we will defend and uphold this principle,
the declared motive for their investigation raises concerns about legitimate research and business practices in China.
The denial of access to a lawyer under their status of detention is contrary to the right of defence. The EU fully supports the efforts of the Canadian Government on this matter.
